h1. Welcome to GovSultations project

GovSultations is meant to be an open platform for social consultations.

This project is based on "Ruby on Rails":http://rubyonrails.org and "Hobo":http://hobocentral.net

h2. How to start?

# install Ruby and RubyGems (depends on your platform, should be out of the box on most Linux systems and MacOSX)
# install Ruby on Rails (>=2.3.5) <notextile><pre><code>gem install rails</code></pre></notextile>
# install Hobo (>=1.0)<notextile><pre><code>gem install hobo</code></pre></notextile>
# you will need MySQL or SQLite3 support <notextile><pre><code>gem install mysql</code></pre></notextile> or <notextile><pre><code>gem install sqlite3-ruby</code></pre></notextile>
# clone the code in your project directory from github<notextile><pre><code>git clone git://github.com/adamhoscilo/GovSultations.git your_project_dir</code></pre></notextile>
# go to _your_project_dir_ and customize _config/database.yml_ (no need if you use SQLite3)
# create database and migrate the structure<notextile><pre><code>rake db:create</code></pre></notextile><notextile><pre><code>rake db:migrate</code></pre></notextile>
# start the server <notextile><pre><code>./script/server</code></pre></notextile>
# go to "http://localhost:3000":http://localhost:3000 in your browser and play with the system (you will have to create an admin user in the first place)

h3. Enjoy! Fork! Send feedback, send feature requests, post bugs.

*Keep in mind that this project is in heavy development and in very early stage. Far away from production ready.*